we're an Indian restaurant based in
South Liverpool grass and ale
we offer a range of traditionally cooked
authentic Indian dishes great menu some
staple dishes and some innovative dishes
which were women that are still creating
and introducing Rustom didn't wash for
25 years that's the food itself
there's good my wife creates new menu
every so often so there's there's more
interest for customers to try different
things to initially compete with each
other who can't cook better than here
everything on the menu is really good so
you know it's tempting to have the same
thing time and a gamble you want
different things here and the food's
always great whatever whatever yours off
the menu basic is always going to be
good come to the service that these
people give and for the wonderful food
that they provide the best Indian
restaurants in Liverpool is off the
northwest I've been to quite a few so
fantastic range of wines to complement
your meal
cocktails an extensive array of whiskies
and a fine selection of well these we
are different with that Indian dining
experiences in the area upstairs
cocktail lounge where we can cater for
sixty to seventy people for private
events these areas for live music DJs
it's just a great event area enjoy the
drinks about champagne tonight as well
haven't we
the main thing is the food the food just
is so good what no Mustapha so that's a
really good toasting like all the staff
are really nice as well so I think it's
a combination of the two we are seen as
a premier Indian restaurant in Liverpool
and I think our reputation
the awards you've gained over the years
and public and critical acclaim really
does speak for itself
you